so far all I know is that I'm going to
be trying influencer food and that at
least one of them just
broke that's right we've got food from
20 different influencers for lonus to
eat and rate after rating lonus has to
figure out which of these influencers
actually made the food and if he's wrong
well we add it to the blender and he
drinks it at the
end oh my God that's disgusting just
don't be wrong no I'm not going to I'm
not going to know any of this stuff
oh let's start with which influencers
does lonus know okay so we got uh Hank
Green Jack Septic Eye okay ah I don't
know we even collabed with him I have no
idea I have no idea who this is sorry
everyone clearly I don't know my
influencers but what I do know is this
video is brought to you by ODU thanks to
them we're going to have thoughts on
everything we triy today summarized on a
website that we easily built using Fair
platform we'll also have links to all
the products there as well all right
bring me the first one let's do this
thing all right here's your first course
a burger and
cereal which makes a lot of sense oh
well this is really easy it's Keith's
sauce that's a strong
resemblance okay this one's obvious
we've got a Mr Beast Burger I feel like
you guys have set them up for faillure
here though I am not a fan of cold
Burgers I like toppings on my Burgers
wow that's a lot of
mayonnaise I'm imagining what it was
like when it was BM not bad give it a
six but let's see if Keith's burger
sauce can change how I feel about it to
be clear this is not my favorite kind of
burger it's not something I would order
but to their credit meat quality seems
fine it uses real cheese like if it had
processed cheese on it it would
immediately be able to score no higher
than a three all right let's give her
some hot sauce apparently it's not too
hot so hopefully that's an okay amount
of it guess we're about to find
out that's delightful ke hot sauce
man I don't know what to say other than
this is delicious I feel like you
cheated a little bit putting maple syrup
in it hitting my Canadian bone here but
man that's a nine for me it's not spicy
if you like hot sauce this is not a hot
sauce it's a flavor sauce and that's has
got be I mean the resemblance is
striking so I guess you're
Keith nice oh well this is wait well who
the hell from mythical is there what is
it the
drawing oh come on you guys mythical
could be in trouble here because I am an
absolute cereal nut I eat it almost
every day I will eat it for any meal and
I am not into oh hold on a second puffed
corn cereal with marshmallows I can
actually see the flavor on the peanut
butter and honey sandwich here I'm going
with mish mash wait they're all mish
mash well I'm going with peanut butter
and honey
sandwich that is a small bag of cereal
but it's like two servings for me peanut
butter and honey
sandwich kind of tastes like sugarcoated
dog
food G guys there is quite literally
nothing in this I don't think I've ever
seen a blank or nutrition facts m
hold on it's kind of growing on me right
four and A2 here's your next course oo
there's a fork involved
for oh no way I love cup noodles oh it's
gaming these cup noodles contain
caffeine what are you kidding me we've
got cup noodles we've got cup rice
Master pea creamy chicken gumbo on sale
good Lord they put two for sale labels
on this they were really trying to get
rid of it obviously that's Master P and
this is him oh that does not smell
good slimy yet actually not that
satisfying that wow that is really Bland
um man we are nowhere near the fill line
in this and it still tastes like dish
water it's like they tried they wanted
to have a little bit of like dehydrated
carrots and veggies and onion and stuff
in here but they were like no master PE
you get a two for the quality of the
product but I'm going to give you a
bonus one point for making my life easy
by having your picture on the front
there we go right there yeah see look
look at this one look at this this got
like it's got like meat and little bits
of egg or something and like little bits
of shrimp or whatever like some sauce
you mix that up maybe it'll have some
actual
flavor yeah all you had to do was just
get regular cup noodles without paying
for the brand name one and you would
have had a better experience how's the
rice does the rice have caffeine in it
too oh wow
[Music]
um that's okay I'd eat it really strong
flavor not very spicy though which is a
weird thing to say about Curry I don't
really do Seafood so I'm just going to
give this a five and call it neutral as
for this one I don't know six um it's
edible but it's kind of a weird
combination of flavors like it's super
super flavorful like overpowering but
it's not spicy like what kind of Curry
is that all right this round something
special it's a word from our sponsor ODU
makes it easy to build a website using
drag and drop elements and intuitive
features the website we built to track
our conclusions today was up and running
in a matter of days and scheduling a
call with one of their expert designers
was both quick and painless and if you
don't want to go that route their AI
features can help you lay out a template
that you can further customize on your
own best of all odu's website e-commerce
application is 100% free to use comes
with unlimited hosting and they even pay
for your main name for the first year
linked below we'll have the site that we
built with a collection of our thoughts
as well as where to pick up some of
these products if you want to try them
out for yourselves we'll also have odu's
site linked below if you want to see how
easy it can be to build your own site
just like we did your next course
sir cookies and bars oh look it's Mr
Beast again I didn't know they had
cookies oh the cookies are dead yeah oh
apparently they weren't very good oh
yeah you
suck what a weird cookie texture like it
somehow manages to be both oily and dry
yeah those are not very good I give
these a three sorry
Jimmy oh wow influencers make this
really easy I was like damn what the
hell is a Mina snack love Pokey man and
Darcy cool right there if you're into
that kind of Oreo flavor I could see
being into these they've got kind of a
nice crunch got kind of a weird
aftertaste like I give these five for
the initial flavor but like oh man they
make their way all the way down to like
a four at best God damn how are these 13
Sugar by mass and still tastes like that
time for sus snacks in the OG flavor no
reading packaging no it takes too long
oh I like reading the packaging well
they look sus I don't know what I was
expecting but it sure as heck wasn't
that it's like a Rice
Krispie it's a rice CIS
crispy this has crickets in
it Belle youing guy did you just feed me
crickets it's not very good at least
it's got 8 gram of protein per serving
but really weird aftertaste on this one
too I don't know
four who the is responsible for this I
have no idea let's say this guy wrong
your first
mistake do any influencers make good
products LT
store.com all right our next round is
the feasable round we have every flavor
uh maybe for you to try I've rarely met
a chocolate bar that I didn't like so if
Mr Beast manages to screw this up then I
don't know I could be in trouble all
right original chocolate which
apparently to Jimmy means milk chocolate
that's pretty nice that's a decent
amount of cocoa in there doesn't have
that creamy Lind kind of melting texture
though now de nuts with grass-fed milk
hey didn't you get in trouble for the de
nuts thing yeah there was a company that
sold nuts called
de yeah bu Reese's Pieces for the OG
feasable bars here I've got to give them
credit for the flavor clearly there's a
higher cocoa percentage than you would
get in a lot of off-the-shelf candy bars
in the US
however I think they have work to do on
the cream and on the texture it's got a
little bit of that um that kind of
advent
calendar kind of plasticky to it but
maybe they've improved it with their
newer bars so we've got these as
well oh that's very different that is a
completely different product is the milk
no longer grass-fed way better texture
now
though interesting gone is the organic
cocoa butter gone is the organic
chocolate lure so what they Tred tried
to do was bring an upscale product to
Market using cane sugar organic
chocolate liquor organic cocoa butter
and what they realized is that American
consumers are Philistines and would
rather just have garbage so here we go
sugar whole milk powder cocoa butter
unsweetened chocolate natural vanilla
extract this is the generic chocolate
bar of all time so which one was the
best and which one was the worst on the
rare occasion that I treat myself to a
chocolate bar I think I would prefer the
originals but realistically I don't
think I would go for either of them
based on how badly I've seen other
people screw up cookies uh I still got
to give them like a seven like they're
pretty okay feel like a lot of the
feedback on this is going to be like V
this let's see you do it better the
reality of it is I don't want to I don't
want to try and make a better chocolate
bar than companies that have been doing
it for a 100 years all right next round
we're back to some treats all right now
I know you're going to like this round
because it's sour candies I love sour
sour candy oh this one's from Carl he
looks like if One Direction was gaming
all right Carl let's do this thing how
much is this Carl thing 6 bucks Canadian
six that's 60 cents per gummy and what
do they have like uh caffeine or
something or what probably not oh color
from spirulina comes from nature that's
actually on
there not my favorite sour gummy maybe a
six out of 10 but I love the packaging
this is adorable glucose it sweetens and
softens water it's just water LOL Ryan
tryan wow this is like it's got like
some wallup to it sour pink lemonade
strips naturally
flavored with natural sour oh wow they
uh no no no they come apart they come
apart they come apart Okay pink
lemonade well I believe it has 80 % less
sugar in it God why is it trendy to make
candy that kind of doesn't taste very
good isn't that the point of candy I
don't know 5 out of
10 ooh that aftertaste though yeah Ryan
tryan look like got top left Ryan tryan
got him you are correct thank you for
putting a picture on your packaging I
promise you guys if I ever do candy
it'll be awful for
you it's supposed to be okay oneup so
this is the sour oneup sour challenge
you need to put all three in your mouth
and suck for 30 seconds without making a
face then chew and swallow them I grew
up on screaming blue saucers I heard
they give you cancer
yeah apparently you need a neutralizer
an anti- sour candy drink powder
download cash app the yeah if you don't
make a face for 30 seconds and you and
swallow it you get cash app whatever it
probably is not a thing anymore okay
this has got to be bought left guy no a
damn it Jack sepy no damn it let's just
try the
challenge e they're like fused to the
packaging Ready set
go are you chewing cuz you're not
supposed to
chew this is unheard of save some for
this uh blend and
concoction 30 seconds
two and
swallow please come
on I've had Warheads that are sour than
that this is a tough one how much are
these there were six gummies in there so
now hold on a second that is $3 per
gummy are you kidding me this is a one I
like them if they were cheap like I'd
eat them like how how many videos are
there of people like eating these and be
like it's so sour tears streaming down
their eyes they that's why people don't
trust influencers because because it's
overdone this right here short circuit
this is where you can get the real Goods
this is not that sour well maybe this
will make your mouth water oh gamer
water oh Prime is back what does sweet
otter cake batter blend taste like good
oh it's so
splashy
$1 for the cup
why by far the winner is Keith's burger
sauce this is
delicious I want to take this home and I
want to put it on my food my spaghetti
my Burgers I would put this on basically
anything I would drink this burger
sauce that is really good um the biggest
loser I don't even remember everything
wait no I lied The Biggest Loser is me
for having to drink this I'm only taking
one sip that is disgusting one glug one
sip one glug only oh how about
this I will match whatever you drink oh
deal
uhoh wait wait wait wait wait hold on
now it
is I think it needs more that is that
isun no if it a if it ain't chunky it
ain't uh let me grab a glass whatever
this is well I'm obviously taking this
no no did did the milk from the cereal
end up in here no it is milky for
unknown reasons sure oh my God it's
still
warm listen I don't want to do this on
why you got to smile at me like that
it's weird should we link arms like
together like I mean yeah I think we
kind of have to you go like you've never
done that
[Music]
marriage it's very warm is very warm oh
God that is extremely unpleasant no no
no
all yeah she
hey you didn't finish your
glass the
warm I do all my own stunts thanks ODU
for sponsoring this video and thanks to
all my friends in the influencer
community for
uh
um I don't know these products o freak
it we'll have some exas on floatplane by
the way lm. g/ flat plane oh my eyes are
watering that is was truly awful